Fixing Broken Link (#2531)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbServer/plan-your-deployment/enterprise-voice-solution/enterprise-voice-solution.md

  
Skype for Business Server offers two on-premises Enterprise Voice options—Enterprise Voice and Call Via Work—for you to integrate the telephone system of your organization with your Skype for Business Server deployment, making for a true unified communications solution. Both options enable users to use their Skype for Business client to initiate voice calls with other users, both inside and outside of your organization.
  

> You can also take advantage of Microsoft Cloud PBX services, including PBX services and PSTN calling, by connecting your on-premises telephony infrastructure to services provided by Skype for Business Online. For more information, see [Cloud voice in Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/cloud-voice-landing-page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also take advantage of Microsoft Cloud PBX services, including PBX services and PSTN calling, by connecting your on-premises telephony infrastructure to services provided by Skype for Business Online. For more information, see [Microsoft Telephony Solutions](https://docs.microsoft.com/SkypeForBusiness/hybrid/msft-telephony-solutions).
```
